# Giveaways
From time to time DevStaff has the opportunity to offer some giveaways during 
the meetups. The prizes are provided by [sponsors]
(https://github.com/devstaff-crete/DevStaff-Heraklion/blob/master/Sponsors.md) 
in return of advertising.

The process, the tools and the rules we use for these giveaways are described here.

## Prizes list
All prizes will be written down at each meetup's announcement at [meetup.com]
(https://www.meetup.com/devstaff/). Moreover, at the intro presentation, when 
sponsors are presented, each prize will be explicitly mentioned along with the 
type, the amount of prizes and the sponsor of each one.

## Participants eligibility
All participants of a meetup are eligible for the raffling process including 
the speaker(s), attendees, and org team members. The participants of a meetup 
are the members that have joined our meetup's place (in case of physical 
meetups) or our communication tool (in case of remote meetups).

## Raffle Process
During the meetup (especially during the intro and at the closing phase) a 
link (to Google Forms) will be shared where everyone present will be able to 
add their name & email in order to participate to the raffling process. A 
number will be assigned to each participant's entry and then we shall use the 
[random.org](https://www.random.org/) to generate one number per giveaway 
prize. The list with the participants alongside the assigned unique number 
will be presented before the giveaway begins. Each participant's unique number 
corresponding to the random number produced will win the prize. All prizes 
will be given in the order mentioned at the top of the page in the provided 
link where participants will fill their details. All details (name and emails) 
as well as the prizes' winners will be stored for 1 year after the meetup's 
date.

The whole raffle process described at this step will take place during the end 
of the meetup (live or) in front of all participants.
